feat: add uds ui cmd (#917)
defenseunicorns/uds-cli: docs/quickstart-and-usage.md

```sh
uds scan -o defenseunicorns -n packages/uds/gitlab-runner -g 16.10.0-uds.0-upstream -u docker-username -p docker-password -f gitlab-runner.csv
```

## UDS Runtime

> The `uds ui` command launches UDS Runtime, which gives you a user interface to view what is running in your cluster. More information regarding UDS Runtime can be found [here](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-runtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `uds ui` command launches UDS Runtime, which provides a web-based user interface to view what is running in your K8s cluster. More information regarding UDS Runtime can be found [here](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-runtime).
```
